We've covered local repositories in a previous module.
We're going to briefly go over them again just to tie it all together
with where it downloads your code from. Maven looks in your local repo
first. It's where it stores everything.
It looks locally to see if we have this code,
and if it doesn't, it will go out and download that from a remote repository.
When it downloads it, it will install it in your home directory /.m2.
For the past few years, Windows has allowed Linux or Unix‑style paths,
so these paths should work, whether you are on a
Windows or Linux Unix‑type system.
The home directory /m2// is these default location,
and you can override it, but most people just generally leave it here,
and I would recommend you doing so, too.
If you upgrade Maven versions or other configuration changes,
it's easy to forget that it was changed and can cause you some
unnecessary headaches. In our local repository, we always store
artifacts using the information that we provided for the
artifact, group, and version ID.
It's not something that we necessarily get to choose. Its these
three things that are required to download anything.
We don't get to choose it because it's defined by the people
who created the artifact that we want to use.
So, for example,
we previously used commons‑lang, the org‑apache‑commons was
the group ID, and the commons‑lang3 was the artifact ID,
and 3 was the version number.
The reason this is good is it avoids duplication by copying everything in our
project and storing it in our source code control module.
So our path looked something very similar to this. We had
~/.m2/repository//.
This naming convention keeps us from storing those jars in our subversion or
Git, Bitbucket repositories, whatever you're using for your SCM, and just to
show you a kind of image of where this is all stored at, here it is on my
local box that I'm using right now.
You can see that I've got my user's directory, m2,
and then my repository, and then it goes clear up the ladder into org, apache, commons, commons‑lang, 3.8.1.